README.md, before:

# msc-thesis
Repository for my MSc Thesis `A compartmented network model for COVID-19'

## Requirements
This project was developed using Python 3.9.2. All package requirements are listed in requirements.txt.  
To build the project using docker compose, you also need those installed on your machine
([Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/), [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)).

## Build web app with docker compose
The web application can be built using docker compose using Nginx as the HTTP server and uWSGI as the application 
server.

To build the application, run

```shell
make build
```

or (similarly)
```shell
docker compose up --build -d
```

Go to http://localhost.

## Run web app without build
Alternatively, you can also run the web app using the builtin server, which is not suitable for 
production but much simpler for development and test purposes.

```shell
make run
```

or (similarly)

```shell
python app/run.py
```

Go to http://localhost:5000

Commit message:

Added mobility network generation to README

README.md, after:

# msc-thesis
Repository for my MSc Thesis `A compartmented network model for COVID-19'

## Requirements
This project was developed using Python 3.9.2. All package requirements are listed in requirements.txt.  
To build the project using docker compose, you also need those installed on your machine
([Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/), [Docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)).

## Generate mobility network
To generate the mobility network, run:

```shell
make generate-data-paths
```

Then, run the following notebooks in order (all inside `data_processing`):
- `extraction.ipynb`
- `transformation.ipynb`
- `network_creation.ipynb`

To analyse the resulting mobility network, use the `network_analysis.ipynb` notebook.

## Build web app with docker compose
The web application can be built using docker compose using Nginx as the HTTP server and uWSGI as the application 
server.

To build the application, run

```shell
make build
```

or (similarly)
```shell
docker compose up --build -d
```

Go to http://localhost.

## Run web app without build
Alternatively, you can also run the web app using the builtin server, which is not suitable for 
production but much simpler for development and test purposes.

```shell
make run
```

or (similarly)

```shell
python app/run.py
```

Go to http://localhost:5000
