app/app/app/pages/markdown/about.md, before:

# Headline
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor 
incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. 
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu 
fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in 
culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Headline 2
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor 
incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. 
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu 
fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in 
culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Headline 3
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor 
incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. 
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu 
fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in 
culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

Commit message:

Added text to About.md

app/app/app/pages/markdown/about.md, after:

# A Compartmental Network Model for COVID-19
[![Crest of the Universiy of St Andrews >](/assets/stacrest.png)](https://www.st-andrews.ac.uk/)
EpiSim is the web application I built as part of my MSc dissertation at the 
[University of St Andrews, UK](https://www.st-andrews.ac.uk/). It was built
with the goal of providing an easy to use interface to epidemic simulations 
that otherwise often require practitioners to be familiar with programming, which
might present a threshold.

EpiSim is built on top of the Python library [epydemic](!https://github.com/simoninireland/epydemic), 
which is a great tool to model all kinds of epidemic processes using network simulations.

To learn about how the models are designed and implemented, go [here](/model).
For information on how the different human contact networks of the simulations
were conceived, take a look at [this](/data). If you would like to find out
more about the project, the source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/leo-pfeiffer/epi-sim).
You can also read my thesis [here](/).
